suddenly distant calls unsettle the
chimps they look to their leader Nick
for support
[Music]
[Applause]
what's happened the reason that they're
so freaked out is that they've had calls
of the neighboring community so that
means that that neighbors might be
actually encroaching your bear territory
and now I think what they're gonna do is
move in that direction try and see off
the other community so they all go an
embrace make their friend they were her
distinct goals that's awesome
reassurance here he comes and he has got
all his hair now erected called pioneer
erect and that is just when he's shown
he's really the boss this is the time
when all internal politics completely
forgotten totally sold out
once again the rival communities called
echoed through the forest
it may have ever been to step up to his
our parole he needs to do it now
and he doesn't disappoint in an effort
to push the rival a hit rallies the
Sante with deafening
[Applause]
then as suddenly as it started it's over
the rival communities backed off the
Santo chintz will hold on to their
dwindling territory for another day
[Music]
you